---
title: Papilion
author: YG + IL
date: 2022-30-03
tags: ["post", "featured"]
image: "/media/pa.jfif"
imageAlt: Papillon
description:
---

PAPILLON is a toy dog with exceptional beauty and athleticism. Despite his sophisticated appearance, the Pap is a true 'doggy dog' with a tough exterior. Papillon breeders describe their dogs as cheerful, alert, and friendly. Although a Papillon is a small dog, averaging 8 to 11 inches at the shoulder, the big, wing-shaped ears that give the breed its name ('papillon' is French for 'butterfly') allow you to distinguish one from a block away. The ears of certain Paps are erect, whereas the ears of others, known as the Phalene type, droop down. Paps have a plumed tail and a long, silky coat in a variety of color combinations, with white as the basic color. Paps are small dogs for all seasons and purposes, and they are more sturdy than they appear. They thrive in warm or cool temperatures, in cities or rural areas, and are eager to participate in family activities. They are fantastic agility dogs who consistently win at the highest levels of the sport; less ambitious owners can train them to do a variety of tricks. The Papillon's delicate grace is enhanced with ears that mimic outspread butterfly wings, a long flowing coat, and a plumed tail. Because Papillons are relatively easy to groom, fans refer to them as "sensible glamour." Papillons can be taught to perform practically any task. They thrive on work and mental stimulation. The Papillon's trainability and enthusiasm to please let him excel in everything from dog sports to tricks to the show ring, far beyond being just ornamental. These energetic, alert tiny canines excel at whatever they attempt. They're actually one of the most popular toy breeds in obedience competitions. They also excel at agility and appear to fly through the obstacle course.
