---
title: Poodle
author: YG + IL
date: 2022-30-03
tags: ["post", "featured"]
image: "/media/Poodle.png"
imageAlt: test
description:
---

POODLES are available in three sizes: Miniatures should be no more than 15 inches tall at the shoulder, while standards should be no more than 10 inches tall. The structure and proportions of all three types are identical. Poodles are commonly seen at dog shows in the elegant Continental clip. The Sporting clip, in which the coat is sheared to match the form of the squarely built, smoothly muscled body, is preferred by the majority of pet owners. Poodles are energetic, athletic, and wickedly smart canines with incredible versatility. Forget any preconceived preconceptions you may have about them. The Standard, with his superior size and strength, is the family's best all-around athlete, but other Poodles can be successfully trained. The Poodle is an impressive dog, as seen by the numerous best-in-show winners in this dog breed. However, beneath the blue ribbons, stunning hairdos, and regal demeanor, you'll discover an amiable family dog with a long history and a variety of skills. Poodles are considered to be one of the world's most intelligent breeds. They're easy to train and adapt to almost any task you offer them - and you'll want to give them chores to accomplish. If they aren't physically and mentally active, bored Poodles might become destructive. Active owners, on the other hand, will find a loving, intelligent, trainable, and devoted family companion.
